What weekly wrapped does:


Gets most recently listened to song
    track all spotify data in one class - spotipy api

plugs it into Excel sheet that records
	artist
	album
	song
	genre of song
	album art
	song duration
	when it was listened

	    There should be 3 pages within the Google sheet.
	        one that tracks all-time stats - done!
	        one that tracks week by week, data older than a week is deleted from this sheet, but kept in the all-time
	        top songs
	        sheet that tracks only the genre listened to, so that email can give recommendations based off of genre pref that week

	    use sheety api, make its own class.


Excel sheet should then calculate total amount of minutes music was listened to that week.

get top 5 songs listened to that week

send email every monday about top 5 songs, and recommend playlist based on recent listening

                                                           Steps to take to complete goal:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. create class that handles all spotipy api requests.
    a. Get recently listened to track
    b. get the 	artist
	            album
                song
                genre of song
                album art
                song duration
                when it was listened

2. create class that handles all Sheety api requests.
    a. plug all the data mentioned above into its individual cells

3. Using google sheets, automate email that holds all of the above data and send it to yourself every monday.
    the recommended playlist should have 30-50 songs ideally.


                                                           Things I have thought to change:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Right now, all the metrics I want are within the print method in track_songs.py.

Create methods to grab each individual piece of data instead of mass printing it in one method
to allow for easier plugins with SHEETY. - this has been done as of July 9th.


July 9th:
Now when program is run, most recently listened to track along with all data needed is plugged
into spreadsheet.

Things to be done for tomorrow:
    Figure out how to create the other two sheets mentioned above, pretty sure something must be done
    within google sheets itself, doubt this is a pycharm thing.


July10th:
TBH kinda loafted. I did figure out that using github actions is the best way to get this automatede without
having to pay for everything.
Figured out that 25 minutes is not enough time for the spotify api to update the song listened to.
Trying for 30 minutes now to see if that works.

    Things to be done tomorrow:
        Actually host it on github actions
        Figure out how to divide the spreadsheet into the sheets mentioned yesterday

July 11th:
I was wrong in yesterdays notes. The way the spotify api updates, is that the song must be played TO COMPLETION.
the initial thought was that after the song played for 30 seconds, it would be considered a stream, like it is for artists.
It seems that the api made available for my use case, updates on completion of a track/song.
	once the song has played all the way through, it takes approx 15 seconds to register as listened.

The plan:
	right now, my code is structured to make it so if it was running continuously, the last_time_listened variable is stored Locally.
	which means that when the code is run periodically with github actions, it wont remember the variable as it is refreshed on run time.

	To get around this, i want to send a GET request to my spread sheet for the last time listened cell to return as a variable and then compare
	the recent listened to song with this time.
		If time is the same:
			disregard input and dont push to spreadsheet
		else time is different:
			push data to spread sheet

Added a method within sheets_data.py that sends a get request for the last time a song was listened to, and compares it with the track the script is
trying to push.
	the if statement above is exactly how this works in the main file.

The bot will be running every 4 minutes because github actions does not allow for increments lower than minutes in the YML file.

NOTICE:
	turns out the sheety api stiffed me. Next time, read the benefits of each tier lol.
		sheety only allows for 200 requests a month... i hit that in a day. Looking for alternatives now, most likely going to switch to the
		Google sheets api and rewrite the sheets_data.py class to use that instead.


July 12th:

Using Google's Google sheets API starting from today. Need to learn how to use it.
	tutorial for getting sheet data seems easy enough, going to have to essentially restart my sheets_data.py class.
	## google-sheets-api-key=AIzaSyCrgLLK4EXUgeHi_cr3ssKDP8II3g9dkB4

Did kind of loaft today, however i spent majority of time learning about the Google Sheets API and how to start the authentication process. S
Started a new project that basically shows me how to start off the class and go about plugging in data from there.

July 13-14th:

The google API has been integrated into the project and is working well. I followed the steps on the google sheets api docs and got to the endpoint
of this issue.
However, some things i just dont grasp fully. OAuth2 being one of them. The concept is shaky to me and not sure how to integrate it without severe help from docs
the track_songs.py class is an easy understanding for me, however the auth_sheets method in sheets_data and some other parts of that class
are outside my knowledge scope as of now.

Tomorrow (July15th) I will spend majority of day learning about the issues i had, as well as setting up the server so this script can run continuously.


July15th:

Made a new sheet in the Vibify google sheet for past week data.
	This will hold all data for any days, previous given week.
	There is a script that runs everyday, to weed out anything older than a week old.
	This script is using the apps script on google sheets, written in javascript, it is a simple script to follow. No issues on understanding it there.

Learned that google has its own AI called gemini, and its api tokens are free. I will not be using ChatGPT, Gemini will be writing my future emails for me.
I have not really looked into python email apis yet, but i doubt that will be hard to find.


July 18th:

	All sheets pages are set up.
		Main: Houses everything
		pastWeek: Houses everything for todays given past week.
		topGenresOfWeek: does as it says, gives number of plays per genre.
		topTracksOfWeek: Does as it says, gives listening minutes, and number of plays.
		topArtistsOfWeek: Does as it says, Gives listening minutes, and number of plays.

All that is left now:
	Integrate Google Gemini so i get weekly updates sent via Email.
	Maybe integrate something that sends me a text message when and if the bot goes down?

July 19th:
	Gemini API key has been made, and i am now starting the final parts of the project.

	What should the AI class do?
		Generate a prompt in which it returns a paragraph about my recent listening habits. It then shows me my top 5 tracks, with the album art
		next to them, tells me my top 5 genres, and my top 3 artists. It will then reccomend a few artists for me.

	This is more so for the track_songs.py class.
		When the email is sent out, i want a new playlist added to my spotify library that contains 50 songs.


	Gemini API has been made. Everything works how i want it to now. Gemini outputs me the content of an Email with the name "Melody."

	The email formats everything how i want it, only thing left is to have the email actually be sent out, and add a method to track_songs.py
	that creates the playlist. Playlist should be named "Melody's Mix".




